hi it's chris lyons at sure and we're
talking about the new vp 83 lens hopper
camera mount microphone the vp 83 is an
ultra-compact short shotgun microphone
that provides a great sounding
all-in-one audio solution for DSLR
videography the vpat threes tight
directional pickup pattern enables it to
reject background noise so that you can
focus on your intended sound source the
vpat 3 has durable all-metal
construction that passes all of Shores
legendary quality tests and it mounts
securely on your camera's accessory shoe
the attached coiled cable connects to
your camera's audio input and an
integrated rycote shock mount protects
the microphone from mechanical vibration
the supplied foam windscreen protects
the microphone from wind noise when
you're shooting outdoors without
altering sound quality there's a
secondary rycote windjammer synthetic
fur wind screen available for use in
higher wind environments a
three-position audio gain switch lets
you compensate for the loudness of
different sources while the switchable
low cut filter reduces pickup of
distracting low-frequency background
noise for even greater operating
flexibility there is also the new VP 83
f lens hopper camera mount microphone
the VP 83 f does everything the VP 83
does but adds an internal digital flash
recorder the recorder records WAV files
at 24-bit 48 kilohertz resolution so you
get high definition audio for your video
productions it features convenient
one-touch recording so that you can
instantly start recording on a shoot
recorded audio is stored on a convenient
micro SD memory card with an 8 gigabyte
card you can record up to 15 hours of
audio the detachable coiled cable allows
you to simultaneously record audio on
your camera the dedicated 3.5 millimeter
headphone output lets you monitor your
audio in real time the easy-to-read
backlit LCD display shows audio level
battery condition and recording time
remaining the audio gain is adjustable
in one
I increments so you can perfectly match
the recording level to the level of your
sound source the VP 83 and VP 83 f lens
hopper camera mount microphones make it
easy to capture detailed high definition
audio with your DSLR